How can there be a melody?
Is it really worship?
What blood tears are not tears
I think it's the red potion he put on
The purpose is to achieve this at this time
Cooperate with him in the play
It's just that your acting is so bad
Living like a clown
You keep your mouth shut
I still want to re-enact the set from 20 years ago
Your trick to deceive children
Keep it and let the King of Hell play when you die
Ahahahaha
Lu rat
Congratulations on your breach of integrity
Success completely angered the unicorn
Send yourself to hell
The next three tombs of the unicorn
I see you invade without suffering
Qilin is angry
The wind burst
Just arrived at Bengling
The slave's house is coming, run
Ha ha.
Ah!
My Lu family has been working in the business world for 20 years
If you say it is broken, it will be broken.
Billions plus enemies
If you say it is cracked, it will be sealed.
Who do you think you are?
Tianwang Laozi?
Grandpa
It's just too deep into the play
What do you want to cook yourself?
Living like a clown
I understand your anger
But this angry manual
Can't do 10 gold damage to them
Let's go first
I guarantee the late Qing Dynasty
I will not seek justice for you
The unicorn cracked the gun open
What crack?
It's not like the general let him read it before leaving
Kirin Eryu
A prairie fire
Shantai subsidence
Still full of gossip and posturing
Then I'll be in front of you today.
Cut this broken chess
See what else you got
You better not do this
Otherwise, everything about your Lu family
Will be separated in an instant
To your house
My brother Lu Zhao doesn't believe in this evil
I do not
Gu Jiale goes out
The girl was killed by Century Dragon South and entered this house
Suspect arbor
He was murdered. What did he say?